{
  "url": "https://cmu.ac.th/en/faculty/international_college_and_digital_innovation/aboutus",
  "title": "วิทยาลัยนานาชาตินวัตกรรมดิจิทัล - มหาวิทยาลัยเชียงใหม่",
  "text": "CMU Curricular Seperating Faculties Search for Curriculums Bachelor’s Degree Master’s Degree Doctoral Degree Other Curriculums | Studying at CMU Application of Bachelor's  Degree Application for Graduate Studies Application of International Program CMU Presidential Scholarship | Faculties and Departments Faculties CMU’s Organizations Other Division | TH EN CN TH EN CN Curricular Seperating Faculties Search for Curriculums Bachelor’s Degree Master’s Degree Doctoral Degree Other Curriculums Studying at CMU Application of Bachelor's  Degree Application for Graduate Studies Application of International Program CMU Presidential Scholarship Faculties and Departments Faculties CMU’s Organizations Other Division News Research and Innovation News Outstanding News Outstanding Staff Prize and Pride Conference and Seminar Executives' News Job Application Procurement Event Calendar COVID-19 and PM2.5 About CMU Background The 60th Anniversary of Chiang Mai University Resolution/ Vision/ Mission/Values and Organizational Culture Authority The University’s Logo About CMU Open Data Integrity and Transparency Assessment : OIT CMU 360 Sustainable Development Goals Organizational Structure and Administration of Chiang Mai University Education Development Plan 5 years Committee of University Council Executives Deans Directors Employee Council Download CMU Powerpoint Template Q&A Privacy Policy Contact Suggestion International College of Digital Innovation College of Digital Startup Go to Website Navigation About Faculties Curriculum Divisions / Departments Outstanding Alumni Executives / Faculty Members Services Contact Home Faculties International College of Digital Innovation About Faculty International College of Digital Innovation has been enhanced her academic roles to entrepreneurship and digital innovation. The enhanced mission directly responds to the Thailand 20 Years Strategic Plan in digital startup especially Digital Economic Cluster for Chiang Mai. This aims at development of TransNational Education with leading entrepreneurship and innovation universities in United Kingdom, Australia, China, Republic of Korea, etc. The new International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) offers three cutting-edge degree programs in digital innovation and financial technology that answer and respond to demands and challenges of a digital environment in the 21st Century. 1)\tBachelor of Science (Digital Innovation): Digital Business of 4.0 2)\tMaster of Science (Digital Innovation and Financial Technology): Digital Startups and Financial Technology 3)\tDoctor of Philosophy (Digital Innovation and Financial Technology): Digital Policy Maker Achievement International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. University of Strathclyde's Mr. Julian Taylor Visits ICDI Booths on CMU's 60th Anniversary Event International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Participates in the Chinese New Year Celebration Hosted by the Consulate-General of China in Chiang Mai International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Representatives Visit the Japanese Consulate in Chiang Mai for New Year Greetings International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. PBIC-TU Visits ICDI-CMU to Exchange Perspectives on International Education International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation paid a courtesy visit to Consul Zhang Yajing of the People's Republic of China in Chiang Mai International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) proudly congratulates our students for receiving the Outstanding Youth Award and the Youth Bringing Honor to the Nation Award for 2025. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Ambassador of Pakistan to Thailand Visits the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU Hosts Workshop on “Create Your Personal Academic CV in HTML Using Quarto and RStudio Cloud” International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. “ICDI Khantok 2024” Welcoming Ceremony for the 2024 Academic Year International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Knowledge Exchange on Open Data Integrity and Transparency (OIT) between the International College of Digital Innovation and the Faculty of Dentistry, Chiang Mai University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation Undergoes Quality Assessment in Accordance with EdPEx for the Academic Year 2023 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International Students Join Forces! ICDI-CMU Partners with Botnoi for a Cutting-Edge Hackathon to Develop Global Digital Skills International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation warmly welcomed Ms. Pattarin Wirojchoochut, Education Manager at the Australian Trade and Investment Commission (Austrade), Australian Embassy in Bangkok International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, warmly welcomed the delegation from Yunnan Vocational Institute of Energy Technology, People’s Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Chiang Mai University’s International College of Digital Innovation Visited Tongji University’s School of Transportation Engineering, P.R. China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University Strengthens Academic and Cultural Collaboration in China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. DiNovate Club, the entrepreneurship club of International College of Digital Innovation, collaborates with builds CMU to organize their club launch event “How to Start Up” International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Update Forum 2/2024 Highlights Advancements in Digital Innovation International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), warmly welcomed a delegation from the International Education School of Chang'an University in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, People’s Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation CMU participated in the annual Kathin Ceremony of Chiang Mai University at Fai Hin Temple for the year 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The executive and faculty members from ICDI, Chiang Mai University, met with students from the International College of Digital Innovation who are participating in the dual degree program between the Digital Innovation (International Program) at the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, and the International Economics and Trade program at the School of Business, East China University of Science and Technology (ECUST) in Shanghai, People's Republic of China.\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), Chiang Mai University visited the School of Business, East China University of Science and Technology (ECUST) in Shanghai, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University organized the ICDI Pitching Day 2024-2 for students in the Bachelor of Science program in Digital Innovation (International Program) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU Holds Seminar for Faculty Development in Preparation for Semester 2/2567 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Participates in the 8th KKU-PSU-CMU Traditional Learning Exchange Program \"Three Forces for the Nation\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) Chiang Mai University hosted the Digital Innovation and Financial Technology Conference (DIFT) 2024-2 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation CMU Serves as a Bridge for Receiving Donations from Big C Supercenter Public Company Limited International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University warmly welcomed Professor Tom Baum, Professor in the Department of Work, Employment & Organization at Strathclyde Business School, University of Strathclyde, United Kingdom, on the occasion of his visit to the college. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation Students Represented Thailand on the Global Stage at Huawei Seeds for the Future 2024 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, discussed academic collaboration and signed an extension of the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the International College of Burapha University. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, CMU, welcomed representatives from Yidi Education and over 12 partner NGOs from the People's Republic of China for an exchange of knowledge on educational policies and the educational context in Thailand. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University Welcomes Prof. Soo Hee Lee from the UK for a Special Lecture on Cultural Diversity and Creativity in the Digital Age International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the Happy Body event, a joyful sports competition for ICDI staff (badminton) for the year 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the Mid-Autumn Festival event under the SEED Program (Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Programs), a project aimed at enhancing students' international awareness. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the Enriched Cultural Excursion: Lampang Lamphun Trip under the SEED Program (Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Programs), a project designed to enhance students' international awareness. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the Japanese Culture Day event under the SEED Program (Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Programs), a project designed to enhance students' international understanding. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. A student of the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, for winning the 3rd Runner-Up award in the Miss Thailand International 2024 competition. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, CMU, is organizing the International Day of Charity under the Student Engagement for International Development (SEED) Program. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University organized the “ICDI Go Green 2024” tree planting event as part of the Energy Conservation and Risk Prevention Project for the year 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University welcomed President of Ningbo Evergreen Plastic Products Co., Ltd. and President of BFORIGIN GROUP ZHEJIANG CO., LTD. to discuss the placement of ICDI students in various positions at factories located in Chonburi Province. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Excursion to Mae Kampong Village Organized by the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University participated in the farewell reception for Mr. Higuchi Keiichi, Consul-General of Japan in Chiang Mai International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized a workshop on European Dining Etiquette as part of the SEED Program International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. School of Digital Innovation organized a training session on the topic “Basic Counseling Skills for Advisors.” International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), Chiang Mai University Organizes Activities to Promote Ethical, Transparent, and Anti-Corruption Practices International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Four students from the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University were chosen to represent Thailand in the TECH4Good training and competition, which will be held in the People's Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Congratulations to the students of the International College of Digital Innovation, CMU, for being selected to participate in the CMU-KKU-PSU Global Competency Development program. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Students from the International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University received a Best Oral Presentation Award at the international conference “The 3rd Trilateral Symposium on Sustainability – Strategies for Climate Action and Mitigation of Climate Change Impacts.” International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation organized a workshop on \"Risk Management and Internal Control\" 2024 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized an academic seminar on international programs and bilingual programs at the undergraduate level for the 2024 academic year. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Students from Chiang Mai University Present at The 3rd Trilateral Symposium on Sustainability International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Kagawa University Alumni Reunion 2024 in Chiang Mai: Celebrating Enduring Bonds International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, honored the anniversary merit-making ceremony and the opening of the Learning Center at the Faculty of Mass Communication, Chiang Mai University, for the year 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, is organizing a Merit-Making Ceremony to Commemorate the College’s Establishment Anniversary in 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University had the honor of welcoming a distinguished from the People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Dean and Staff of the International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University Participate in the 8th NUS-ISM-ZIB-IIR-MODAL Workshop on Next Generation Computing and Algorithms in the Digital Era in Singapore International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University Hosts “Design Thinking for Being Innovative at Work” Workshop for Supporting Staff International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) Chiang Mai University warmly welcomed a delegation from Yunnan Normal University (YNNU) from Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the Korean Culture Day event. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) conducted a firefighting training workshop and fire evacuation practice on August 15, 2024 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, participated in the merit-making ceremony for the 52nd anniversary of the Faculty of Nursing in 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) held a collaboration meeting with representatives of Chengdu University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation organized a workshop titled “How to Survive an Active Shooter Situation: Run, Hide, and Fight” International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation Co-hosts The 4th International Conference on Big Data Engineering and Education (BDEE 2024) in Chiang Mai, August 9-11, 2024 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), Chiang Mai University, organized an international workshop “Rail Logistics Optimization Model Workshop” at Conference Room Ang Kaew Villa International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Chiang Mai University’s International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) Holds Progress Meeting for Rail Logistics Optimization Model Project International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation representatives participated in the merit-making ceremony commemorating the 30th anniversary of the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine and the annual 2024 Pha Pa Samakkhi ceremony. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Research Administrative Unit, International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University has organized a training on the topic of  the 2nd Human Research Ethics “Human Research Ethics” International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International Week of Welcome 2024: A Celebration of Global Cultures at Chiang Mai University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, had the honor of participating in the merit-making ceremony for the 32nd anniversary of the Office of Art and Culture Promotion and Creative Lanna on Friday, July 19, 2024, International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Students Selected as Thailand's Representatives for International Business Exchange Program International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), led by Assistant Professor Dr. Ruchira Ouncharoen, Dean of ICDI, along with a team of researchers, conducted a field survey of key railway routes in Laos-Thailand from July 7-10, 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation was honored by the presence of Assistant Professor Todsaporn Pichaiya, Vice President of Chiang Mai University, to open a study tour and short-term exchange program for students from Wenzhou Medical University (WMU), People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University, led by Assistant Professor Dr. Benjamas Suksatit, Deputy Dean of the College, was honored to participate in the candle casting ceremony and candle celebration on Buddhist Lent Day. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University, led by Assistant Professor Dr. Benjamas Suksatit, Deputy Dean, participated in the merit-making ceremony celebrating the 56th anniversary of the Faculty of Education. The event, themed \"Creating Good Teachers for Thai Society,\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation organized a knowledge exchange activity on the topic \"Self-Development towards Happiness and Success in Work\" for support personnel International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Chiang Mai University Signs Academic Partnership with Xin Juren Education Management in Kunming, P.R. China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Exploring Academic Collaborations: Chiang Mai University Delegation Meets with Yougoy Company in Kunming, P.R. China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. A Working Group from Chiang Mai University Visited the Yunnan Normal University Executive Team to Discuss Academic Cooperation at Yunnan Normal University's Chenggong Campus in Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, Signed an Academic Cooperation Agreement with the Xi'an Peking University Enterprise Assistance Association in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, People's Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Chiang Mai University Strengthens Ties with Chang'an University through Academic Cooperation Agreement in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, People's Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University Visits Wenzhou Medical University to Discuss Academic Cooperation and Student Exchange in Zhejiang Province, China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) Chiang Mai University,  congratulates all three lecturers has annouced the list of lecturers who receive the funding to support projects promoting new learning management aligned with the 21st century for Semester 1/2567 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University successfully hosted the Digital Innovation and Financial Technology Conference (DIFT) on June 1, 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation organized workshop training sessions to reskills/upskills/new skills all academic staffs under the ICDI Faculty Development program 2024. The training sessions are led by expert faculty members from Sasin School of Management of Chulalongkorn University. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. CMU Blockchain Association Club of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University, along with The DigiCNX co-hosted \"The Rise of Global Creator and 'Wang Hong' Culture\" with Professor David Craig\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University, under the leadership of Assistant Professor Dr. Rujira Ooncharoen, Dean, warmly welcomed a delegation from Guangxi City Vocational University (GXCVU) from the People's Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International Relations Officer from the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University have been selected to represent Chiang Mai University and Thailand at the \"27th Staff Training Week\" hosted by the University of Granada (UGR) in Granada, Spain International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) Chiang Mai University Student Receives Good Behavior Award for 2024 from the Buddhist Association of Thailand Under Royal Patronage International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Students from the International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), Chiang Mai University received the First Prize in Innovation Track in Huawei ICT Competition 2023-2024  Asia Pacific Final Round. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University organized a seminar project for its staff in the year 2024, held on May 8th at the Faculty of International Studies, Prince of Songkla University Phuket Campus. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University welcomed executives from San Hao Educational Institutions in the People's Republic of China. San Hao Educational Institutions specialize in providing educational guidance services to students in China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Publicizing the CMU International Program at Moen Public School, Hebei Province, P.R.China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University, along with the Railway Technology Research and Development Agency (Public Organization), recently embarked on a mission to gather crucial data and foster partnerships in Beijing, People's Republic of China, aimed at reshaping Thailand's rail system. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University proudly participated in the Thailand New Year tradition by joining the water pouring ceremony in honor of the former president, rector, and senior professors of Chiang Mai University for the year 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University Hosts Traditional Songkran Water Pouring Ceremony International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Students from the International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), Chiang Mai University received the First Prize in Innovation Track in Huawei ICT Competition 2023-2024 Asia Pacific Final Round. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) Chiang Mai University, participated in preserving the tradition of the Thai New Year celebration in the Lanna region during the Songkran Festival 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University organized an \"Thai New Year Festival\" activity as an integral part of the SEED Program International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Students from the International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University have successfully advanced through the Regional Final, poised to represent Thailand in the Innovation Track at the Huawei ICT Competition 2023-2024, scheduled to take place in Jakarta, Indonesia. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Students from International College of Digital Innovation Win Minecraft Game and Virtual World Development Contest on \"Energy for Sustainable World\" Theme International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Vibrant Holi Festival Celebrated at Chiang Mai University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), Chiang Mai University and the Zuse Institute Berlin are collaborating on research to develop logistics management information systems and freight supply chain management. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University (ICDI-CMU) and the Zuse Institute Berlin (ZIB) in Germany are poised to initiate a collaborative research project aimed at advancing logistics management information systems and optimizing freight supply chain operations. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Study Trip Abroad Program for 2023 academic year International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU ttended The 8th Thailand International College Consortium International Conference 2024 (8th TICC 2024) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University proudly attended the Networking Reception for Education Contacts and UK Alumni organized by the British Council. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) Chiang Mai University, led by Assistant Professor Dr. Benjamas Suksathit, Associate Dean welcoming party was held in honor of Mr. Chen Haiping, the newly appointed Consul General of the People's Republic of China in Chiang Mai. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. In a collaborative effort, the International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), in conjunction with the Multidisciplinary and Interdisciplinary School (MIdS) and the Consulate General of the People's Republic of China in Chiang Mai, orchestrated the vibrant Happy Chinese New Year 2024 event. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), CMU organized a celebratory event to honor its graduates during the 58th Royal Graduation Ceremony at Chiang Mai University. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) eceived an exclusive invitation from the Consul of India, Krishna Chaitanya to celebrate the 75th Republic Day of India. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University organized an \"Cherry Blossoms in the Clouds: An Excursion to Doi Inthanon’s Wild Himalayan Cherries\" activity as an integral part of the SEED Program, with the goal of fostering international engagement among Thai and international students. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), led by Assistant Professor Dr. Rujira Ooncharoen, Dean, celebrated a milestone with the signing of an academic cooperation agreement. The collaboration is part of the \"Development of Innovative Railway Technology in the Country\" project, involving the Railway Technology Research and Development Institute (Public Organization) - RTRDA and Chiang Mai University. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University, under the leadership of Assistant Professor Dr. Rujira Ouncharoen, recently extended a courtesy visit to Mr. Chen Haiping, the Consul General of the People's Republic of China in Chiang Mai. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Exciting Collaboration Unveiled Between ICDI and Yunnan Normal University for \"China-Laos-Thailand Education Digitization International Joint Research and Development Center of Yunnan Province\" Project International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University,  led by Assistant Professor Dr. Rujira Ouncharoen, Dean of the International College of Digital Innovation, paid a New Year's courtesy visit to Mr. Krishna Chaitanya, Consul of India in Chiang Mai Province, at the Consulate of India in Chiang Mai Province International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University, under the leadership of Assistant Professor Dr. Rujira Ooncharoen, Dean of ICDI, paid a New Year's courtesy visit to Mr. Higuchi Keiichi, Consul General of Japan in Chiang Mai. The meeting occurred at the Consulate General of Japan International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) ngaged in discussions on academic collaboration with representatives from Internet Computer: ICP.HUB, 4SEAS, and graduate student groups from ICDI. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU organized a merit-making ceremony for 5 monks on the occasion of New Year's Day 2024 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University  Congratulations to Lecturer Dr. Ahmad Yahya Dawod  on receiving an approval of the Chiang Mai University Council for his appointment as  \" Assistant Professor \" in Information Technology International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The delegation from International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University visited the headquarters of Long-Spring Education Group and the Yunnan Province Preparatory College for Overseas Study in Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University visited Chang'an University in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University visited and negotiated cooperation with the China Thailand Cross Border Industry Group (CTCB). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University (ICDI-CMU) organized a workshop on Japanese etiquette and culture: Japanese Business Etiquette under the Student Activities for International Development Project (SEED Program). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) organized Christmas Party activities for the year 2023 as part of the Student Activities for International Development Project (SEED Program). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University actively engaged in negotiations and discussions with the Xi'an Chamber of Commerce Peking University, Xi'an Branch (Xi'an Peking University Chamber of Commerce Association) in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University conducted a visit and engaged in negotiations with China Thailand Cross Border Industry Group (CTCB), Xi'an Branch, located in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University engaged in discussions regarding academic cooperation and the promotion of 17 international programs offered by Chiang Mai University for Zanhuang County Middle School in Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University, visited the student training base (cooperative education) of their cooperative partner, China Thailand Cross Border Industry Group (CTCB). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University has been invited by the People's Government of Zanhuang County to Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province, People's Republic of China, for the purpose of negotiating academic cooperation. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. \"Collaborative Educational Endeavors: Hua Hin School Explores CMU  International College of Digital Innovation\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University With executives join in welcoming Communication University of China (CUC), People's Republic of China, along with its faculty, were ready to witness the signing ceremony of the Academic Cooperation Agreement (MoU) with Chiang Mai University. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University warmly welcomed delegations from Yunnan Vocational Institute of Energy Technology in the People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) organized the CMU International Community Service Day as part of the Student Activities for International Development (SEED) project. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Chiang Mai University's International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) achieved a significant milestone on Thursday, December 7, 2023, solidifying a strategic academic partnership through the formal signing of a memorandum of understanding with Sinothai Education Technology Company Limited. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University was invited to join a dinner event with representatives of the British Prime Minister's trade delegation to foster international cooperation between Thailand and the United Kingdom. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Chiang Mai University Leadership Engages in Strategic Discussion with International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) to convey Chiang Mai University's educational development plan for Phase 13 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Union of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University organizes the Khantoke Dinner event. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, under the leadership of the Dean, Assistant Professor Dr. Rujira Ouncharoen, along with administrator and faculty members, warmly welcomed delegations from the partner agency, Yunnan Province Preparatory College For Overseas Study in the People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU Explores Enhanced Collaboration with Staffordshire University, UK International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU Joins 7th Edition of '3 Powers for the Land' Tradition Knowledge Exchange Project with Khon Kaen University and Prince of Songkla University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU Hosts Delegation from Yunnan Normal University to Discuss Collaboration on Education Digitization Research Center. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU warmly welcomes the executive team from Yunnan Normal University, marking the occasion by signing a memorandum of understanding for academic cooperation. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Announcement of the International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University Subject: Recruitment for University Employees (Capacity-Enhancing Type), Academic Personnel (Lecturer Position) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU organized the Thanksgiving 2023 activity as part of the SEED Program, with the aim of fostering international engagement among CMU students. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU held the opening ceremony for the \"ICDI Mini Walk & Fun Run #Season 3\" activity which is part of the project to foster happy organizations (Happy Workplace) for the fiscal year 2024. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU conducted a session to publicize Chiang Mai University's international programs at Yunnan Hengshui Experimental Middle School, Xishan Campus in Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU Negotiate academic cooperation with Kunming Foreign Language School, Chenggong Campus in Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU conducted promotional activities for Chiang Mai University's international courses at Yunnan Changshui Experimental Middle School, Chenggong Campus in Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University Signed a memorandum of cooperation with Yunnan Province Preparatory College for Overseas Stydy. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Assistant Professor Dr. Benjamas Suksatit, Associate Dean of International College of Digital Innovation, visited the Chenggong Campus of Long-Spring Education Group's Yunnan Province Preparatory College of Overseas Study in Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU conducted an organizational quality assessment in line with CMU-EdPEx guidelines for the 2022 academic year. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Assistant Professor Benjamas Suksatit, Associate Dean of International College of Digital Innovation,CMU paid a visit to Yunnan Normal University (YNNU), Chenggong Campus in Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU proudly continues the cherished tradition of \"CMU TREKKING 2023\" alongside Chiang Mai University, uniting the hearts of participants on a spiritual journey covering a distance of over 12 kilometers. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU Organized the Meeting to Discuss Academic Cooperation in Promoting Strong Communities through Online Marketing via Cross-Border e-Commerce International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU Organizes Performance Management Training with OKRs and KPI International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU Hosts Seminar on Preparing Action Plan and Budget Plan for Fiscal Year 2025 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Assoc. Prof. Dr. Nisit Panthamit, Head of the ASEAN Studies Center at the International College of Digital Innovation extends a warm welcome to Mr. Krishna Chaitanya, Consul of India in Chiang Mai Province. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU recently hosted the \"Yiwu Industrial & Commercial College Short-Term Exchange Student Program\" in collaboration with Sinothai Education. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Welcome to a delegation from Universita degli Studi dell'Aquila, Italy, serving as the Project Coordinator group for the Erasmus+ RecoASIA – Regional Cooperation in the field of recognition among Asian Countries (2019 - 2023) project. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Delegates from the International College of Digital Innovation, led by Assistant Professor Dr. Benjamas Suksathit, Associate Dean and faculty, co-hosted the RecoASIA Final Conference together with Mahidol University and the Office of the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Innovation International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU led by Assistant Professor Dr. Benjamas Suksatit, Associate Dean, warmly welcomed a delegation from Universita degli Studi dell'Aquila, Italy. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), Chiang Mai University, led by Assistant Professor Dr. Benjamas Suksatit, join the Higher Education (HE) Transnational Education (TNE) Mission event International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) recently organized the ICDI Pitching Day 2023-1 event for students enrolled in the Bachelor of Science program, Digital Innovation Major (International Program) at ICDI. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, hosted the ICDI Update Forum 2023 Event. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU would like to congratulate lecturers and experts. Received the \"Nomination for Best Practice Award\" model educators of Chiang Mai University 2023 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Assistant Professor Dr. Rujira Ouncharoen, Dean of the International College of Digital Innovation participated in the 7th International ZIBIMI-ISM-NUS-RIKEN-MODAL-NHR workshop titled \"Future Algorithms and Applications\" held at the Zuse Institute Berlin in Berlin, Germany International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU organized Digital Innovation and Financial Technology Conference 2023-2 (DIFT2023-2). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU, participated in the training for higher education institutions and national information centers under the Erasmus+ RecoASIA project in Rome, Italy. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Announcement of the International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University Subject: Recruitment for University Employees (Capacity-Enhancing Type), Academic Personnel (Lecturer Position) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Executives from the International College of Digital Innovation and faculty members from the School of Digital Innovation were in attendance at a meeting, related to proposals for academic positions. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) conducted a firefighting training workshop and fire evacuation practice on September 22, 2023 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU organizes the Mid-Autumn Festival event under Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Programs: SEED Programs International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI CMU Volunteer service activities International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI CMU Enriched Cultural Excursion: Chiang Rai Trip International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation and Head of the ASEAN Studies Center Attend the 2023 Partner Meeting International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Office of the International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) has organized a training program aimed at preparing lecturers for academic positions in accordance with the new criteria for academic personnel for the fiscal year 2023. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU organized the European Dining Etiquette activity as part of the SEED Program, with the aim of fostering international engagement among CMU students. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University organized an \"Enriched Cultural Excursion in Chiang Mai\" activity as an integral part of the SEED Program, with the goal of fostering international engagement among Thai and international students. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) CMU held a merit-making ceremony for the anniversary of the establishment of the International College of Digital Innovation for the year 2023. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU extended a warm welcome to a delegation from the Faculty of Medicine at Mahasarakham University. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Digital Innovation International College, Chiang Mai University Hosts Roadshow Event at Montfort College International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University, signed an academic cooperation agreement with Mr. Li Shenghui, President of China Thailand Cross Border Industry Group Co., Ltd. (CTCB) and China Thailand Cross Border International Education Service Co., Ltd. (CTCE), in Kunming, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The administrative team of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University embarked on a journey to Yunnan Vocational Institute of Energy Technology in Qujing, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Dean of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University, to pay a courtesy call to Miss Phaweewan Noraphanlop, the Consul-General in Kunming, seeking advice regarding the student exchange program between the School of Railway Engineering and Kunming Railway Vocational and Technical College. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU joined the group for a study visit and an exchange of ideas to foster collaboration in the realm of business opportunities and cross-border e-commerce through rail transport. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The administrative team of the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, lead the executive team of the Ministry of Transport for a study visit at  Kunming Railway Vocational and Technical College in Kunming, People's Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at CMU co-hosted the 3rd International Conference on Big Data Engineering and Education 2023 in Chengdu, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University organizes academic seminars under the topic \"Academic Seminar for International Programs and Bilingual Programs, Undergraduate Degree, Academic Year 2023.\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU organized the celebration of the 76th Independence Day of Pakistan in 2023 as a key component of the SEED Program, which aims to enhance international engagement among students. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU organized the Student Activities on SDGs as a vital component of the SEED Program, with the core objective of nurturing international engagement among students. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU organized International Day of Charity activities as an integral part of the SEED Program, with the goal of fostering international engagement among students. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University organized Korean Dining Etiquette activities as part of the SEED Program, with the aim of fostering international engagement among students. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University organized Tanabata Festival activities as part of the SEED Program, aimed at fostering international engagement among students. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Welcomed Professor Shen Yi, Deputy Dean of the School of Chinese Language and Culture at Yunnan Normal University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU welcomed administrators from Yunnan Normal University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, participated in a significant event—the signing ceremony of a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the International College Hat Yai Campus at Prince of Songkhla University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Announcement of the International College of Digital Innovation Chiang Mai University Subject: Recruitment for University Employees (Capacity-Enhancing Type), Academic Personnel (Lecturer Position) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University warmly welcomed a delegation from Burapha University International College (BUUIC) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU organized a training workshop on \"Internal Policy, Guidelines, and Criteria for Internal Controls.\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Research Administrative Unit,  International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University has organized a training on the topic of Human Research Ethics “Ethical Principles” International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU organized a study tour and knowledge exchange activity with the Faculty of Mass Communication, CMU for support staff members. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Upskill/Reskill ICDI Supporting Perconnel with Dashboard Excel and Power BI Skills International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, CMU Welcomes Students from Tzu Chi University Demonstration High School, Taiwan International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Chiang Mai University's International College of Digital Innovation Takes the Stage at Prestigious International Conference in Sri Lanka International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Cooperation Discussion Between Kunming Children's Hospital and Chiang Mai University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI - CMU students received the Best Presentation award for her innovative technology-driven solutions to social problems in learning through the AUN Experiential Learning Program in Singapore. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU Engages in Negotiations with Yunnan Vocational Institute of Energy Technology (YVIET) in Qujing City, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Chiang Mai University Showcases International Programs at Thailand National Universities Promotion Seminar (TUPS) in Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU  Engages in Negotiations with China Thailand Cross Border Industry Group (CTCB) for Export Facilitation of Imported Goods in Kunming Area, China (Yunnan) Pilot Free Trade Zone International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU had a meeting with the student representatives from China at Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Publicize the International Program at Chiang Mai University, hosted at Kunming Xishan Experimental Middle School, Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Publicize the International Program at Chiang Mai University, Yunnan University of Finance and Economics, Kunming, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. On June 24, 2023, Chiang Mai University, represented by Asst. Prof. Dr. Benjamas Suksatit, Associate Dean of the International College of Digital Innovation, and accompanying members participated in a promotional event for the international programs of Chiang Mai University. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. the Dean of the International College of Digital Innovation, CMU, and Representative of Chiang Mai University, participated in a conference to drive the development of the Lancang-Mekong Economic Innovation Corridor. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI is pleased to welcome a delegation from the Faculty of Education, Eotvos Lorand University (ELTE) from Hungary. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Teacher's Appreciation Day at International College of Digital Innovation in the 2023 Academic Year International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI), Chiang Mai University, participated in the ceremony to present the leadership blazer to student organization leaders for the academic year 2023. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the \"International Buddy Program: Welcome Freshmen to CMU Community 2023\" event under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Programs (SEED Programs). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the \"International Day of Friendship: CMU Pride Month\" event under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Programs (SEED Programs). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Practice your English and join CEFR & 21st Century Skills activities with our Native Speaker by ICDI Expat! International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU has recently organized an informative meeting and orientation session for new students (code 66) and their parents. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU visited Staffordshire University London Campus in the United Kingdom International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU visited the Technology and Innovation Center (TIC) at the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, Scotland International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU embarked on a significant mission to Strathclyde Business School (SBS), University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, Scotland on May 30, 2023. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University is working together with the Investigation Division, Immigration Division 5, to conduct inspections on foreign students who have permission to stay in Thailand. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI traveled to a meeting to discuss cooperation with the Yunnan Cold Chain Logistics Industry Association at the Association Promotion of Industrial Development between Asia and Southeast Asia Humanities Exchange Center in Kunming, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI attended a meeting with the Free Trade Zone Committee of the Yunnan Federation of Industrial Economics at Ziyun Bluebird - Yunnan Cultural and Creative Exposition in Kunming, People's Republic of China. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Lecturers were invited to be guest speakers in organizing workshops for teachers and educational personnel at Dara Academy School: focused on \"Creating Innovators for Innovation\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Chiang Mai University's (CMU) International and Bilingual Programs are making strides in promoting cross-cultural academic exchange as they present their Master's degree program to the College of Chinese Language and Culture at Yunnan Normal University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI visited Yunnan Normal University (YNNU), Kunming, P.R. China to discuss academic cooperation opportunities under the establishment of the Sisters City Research Center between ICDI and YNNU to discuss academic cooperation opportunities under the establishment of the Sisters City Research Center between ICDI and YNNU, through the Confucius Institute Chiang Mai University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI visited Yunnan Normal University (YNNU), 121 Campus, Kunming, P.R. China to discuss academic cooperation on a short-term exchange program International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation join Rod Nam Dum Hua to pay respect to former CMU president, CMU president, and senior Ajarns. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized the \"Thai New Year Festival\" event under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Programs (SEED Program) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU welcomed Curtin University, Australia under the \"Curtin University Admission Road Show 2023\" activity. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized closing ceremony of the \"ICDI Mini Walk & Fun Run (Season 2)\" activity, exercising to create happiness, Happy & Healthy Body: A Mission to Conquer Calories, under the project to promote the organization of happiness (Happy Workplace) for the fiscal year 2023. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Lecturer conduct a workshop on the topic “Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Model on Rail Technology at Rail Technology Research and Development Agency (RTRDA) Ministry of Transport International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The staff of the ICDI Office paid a visit to the Office of the Faculty of Fine Arts, Chiang Mai University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU jointly welcomed Prof. Naoyuki Hara, Vice President and Director of the International Office, and faculty members International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. (ICDI) was honored with a plaque of honor for achieving the highest increase in the ratio of student voters compared to the previous year's elections. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI welcome to esteemed guests, Professor Dr. Thorsten Koch and Professor Dr. Ralf Bornd?rfer from the Zuse Institute Berlin (ZIB), Germany. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI welcome Professor Dr. Thorsten Koch and Professor Dr. Ralf Bornd?rfer from the Zuse Institute Berlin (ZIB), Germany. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the \"Holi Festival 2023\" event under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Programs (SEED Programs) and Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR programs). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Quality Development Unit of the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the \"Indian Culture and Dining Etiquette\" event under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Program (SEED Program). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Quality Development Unit and the Student Union of the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the \"Bye Noir 2023\" event. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Quality Development Unit of the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the \"Thai Cooking Class\" under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Program (SEED Program). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Quality Development Unit and the Student Union of the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the Chiang Mai University International Day \"Inter Cup 2023\" under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Program (SEED Program). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation (ICDI) at Chiang Mai University (CMU) welcomed Ms. Leilei, representative of the International Exchange and Cooperation Office at Chengdu University of Information Technology (CUIT) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU recently convened a meeting to explore potential academic collaborations with several esteemed institutions, including Chengdu University (CDU), Chengdu University of Information Technology (CUIT), the National University of Laos (NUOL), and Hanoi University (HNU). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, has launched the “Digital Marketer Hackathon 2023: Go Global with Cross Border E-Commerce Platform” under Strengthening Entrepreneurs in LMC for Route Number 1 Innovation Corridor Development International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized the training on \"Risk management integrated with corporate strategy\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized a workshop project on the topic of \"Techniques for Writing Operation Manuals to Develop and Increase the Efficiency of Work Processes and to Prepare for Requesting for a Higher Position of Operation Personnel.\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized the activity \"ICDI Mini Walk & Fun Run (Season 2)\" to exercise for happiness, \"Happy & Healthy Body: A Mission to Burn Calories.\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized seminars and workshops on the topic of \"Using Electronic Document System at Chiang Mai University (CMU e-Document)\" for ICDI supporting staff. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. CDI-CMU being a host for the 7th Thailand International College Consortium International Conference 2023 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI and NXPO discuss collaborating to develop innovation-based entrepreneurs. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI welcoming Professor Dr. Pongrak Sribunditmongkol, President of Chiang Mai University, together with Chiang Mai University administrators to meet the executives of the ICDI Academic Division within Chiang Mai University International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI  welcoming the distinguished guests of an administrative team from the Prince of Songkla University International College, Hatyai Campus. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI-CMU negotiate cooperation with partner universities and further academic cooperation between the International College of Digital Innovation, CMU, and Curtin University, Australia, under the One Faculty One MoU (OFOM) project at Curtin University in Perth, Australia International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized the seminar on the topic of \"U/sing the Electronic Document System at Chiang Mai University (CMU e-Document) for International College Digital Innovation administrators International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Congratulations to the graduates of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University's 57th commencement ceremony for the academic year 2021-2022. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI welcomed Ajarn Warintorn Wasuwat, Advisor to the President and team from Montfort College Chiang Mai International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the \"Chinese New Year 2023\" event under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Programs (SEED Programs) and Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR programs). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Quality Development Unit and the Student Union of the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the University Social Responsibility \"Children's Day\" under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Program (SEED Program) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU organized a merit-making ceremony for 9 monks on the occasion of New Year's Day 2023 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The BJC Big C group discusses the creation of a start-up curriculum in collaboration with Chiang Mai University's International College of Digital Innovation in order to help students grow their enterprises and support and assist entrepreneurs in jointly developing products. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI welcoming Dr. S.P. Gayathri และ Dr. S. Vijayalakshmi, visitor professors from CHRIST (Deemed to be University) Pune, Lavasa Campus, India International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Quality Development Unit and the Student Union of the International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the \"Christmas Party 2022\" under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Program (SEED Program). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI has organized a seminar project to drive the strategies for the year 2022 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The 7th Thailand International College Consortium International Conference International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized a \"Murder Mystery Party\" to enhance English skills of CMU students under the CEFR Project and 21st Century Skills. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized the \"Enriched Cultural Excursion in Chiang Mai\" event under the SEED and CEFR programs International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized the event ICDI KM Sharing 2023 on the topic of \"Public Relations and Communication of Corporate Image Creatively in the Digital Era\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University supported 19 notebook computers for teaching and learning under the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) project for the year 2022 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University welcome the working group from Burapha University, Chanthaburi Campus International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Academic Cooperation Meeting with East China University of Science and Technology (ECUST), People's Republic of China International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organized the Japanese Dining Etiquette Workshop under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Program (SEED Program). International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU held a ceremony to pay homage to the shrine International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation organizes the seminar CMU APEC Sustainability Forum 2022: CMU-APEC-SDG Forum 2022 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, CMU underwent an organizational quality assessment in accordance with CMU-EdPEx guidelines for the academic year 2021 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, organizes the \"Second Online Joint Environmental Cleanup Event\" under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Program (SEED Program) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Union of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University organizes the Khantoke Dinner event. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Program (SEED Program), organizes the Thanksgiving Day event. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ThaiHealth, in collaboration with Thai Cable Broadcasting Station (Cable Channel 37HD) and Linear Cable TV Chiang Mai Station, has organized a \"Training for network capacity development of Thai students.\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, along with the administrative team, joined in welcoming Professor Ian Wooton, Vice Dean (international), from the University of Strathclyde, the United Kingdom International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. We are hiring…an Expat specialist position International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Welcoming Mr. Ben Morley, Thailand Country Director Department for International Trade (DIT), the British Embassy Bangkok International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, under the Study Explore Embrace Diffuse Program (SEED Program), organizes the Loy Krathong Festival Event, or \"Yi Peng\" tradition of the Lanna people. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University welcoming Prof. Dr. Luc de Witte, Professor of Technology for Health Care, Innovations & Robotics from The Hague University of Applied Sciences, the Netherlands International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI CMU joined the merit-making ceremony and offering of the robes to monks at the end of Buddhist Lent in the \"Chiang Mai University Kathin Robe Offering Ceremony 2022\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Announcement of results of project or activity consideration supported by the 1st Digital Economy and Society Development Fund Fiscal Year 2022 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation held a seminar on \"Developing a 5-year Strategic Plan of International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University (2023–2027)\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU has reported the U2T For BCG project results at Sri Suphan Temple, Hai Ya Subdistrict, Mueang District, Chiang Mai Province. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, as a representative of Chiang Mai University, participating in the Erasmus+ RecoAsia: Regional Cooperation in the field of recognition among Asian countries project International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Hackathon 2022 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, has organized an event meeting with the partner university, led by Assistant Professor Dr. Rujira Ouncharoen, Dean of ICDI. The dean remarked to welcome a visitor, Ms. Saba Amanuel, an International Partnerships Consultant at Curtin University, Australia. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, CMU, has an open house event to welcome M5 students from Chiang Mai University Demonstration School International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, has organized an academic seminar for guidance teachers on the topic \"Metaverse in Education: Opportunities and Challenges\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Candle Offering Ceremony of the Somdej Phra Kanitthathirat Department of Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Human Resources Unit of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University has set up a training program to prepare ICDI academic staff for applying for academic positions. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Quality Development Unit of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University has organized an activity called \"Chuseok Festival\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Quality Development Unit of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University has organized an activity called \"Moon Festival\", The Chinese Mid-Autumn Festival International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, CMU organized a training event on waste separation and a visit to CMU Smart City—Clean Energy. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Quality Development Unit of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University has organized an activity called \"Thai Cooking Class\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Student Quality Development Unit of the International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University has organized an activity called \"Closing Ceremony of International Buddy Program\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation joined the walking and running race \"Mahidol Run 2022\" on Sunday, September 11, 2022 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, has organized an ICDI Happy Souls event International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University organized \"Fire Training Workshop and Fire Evacuation Drills for the Year 2022 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, has organized a training program for \"Office Syndrome and First Aid and CPR\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. International College of Digital Innovation, CMU organizes an academic seminar on \"Undergraduate International Programs and Bilingual Programs Academic Year 2022\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Candle Offering Ceremony of the Somdej Phra Kanitthathirat Department of Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Signing ceremony of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the International College of Digital Innovation and Montfort College Chiang Mai. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. Student Quality Development Unit, International College of Digital Innovation organized an Enriched Cultural Excursion in Chiang Mai (Mae Taeng Trip) International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ASSOC. PROF. PRASERT RERKKRIANGKRAI, Vice President of Chiang Mai University, and the executive delegation come to visit the International College of Digital Innovation and meet with student leaders and student representatives of the Digital Innovation International College. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Student Union organized Doi Suthep Trekking Trails International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI organized Indian Dining Etiquette Workshop under CMU SEED Program International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Student Quality Development Unit organizes SEED-CMU E-sport Championship 2022 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Student Quality Development Unit organized a workshop on Japanese Dining Etiquette International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation at Chiang Mai University organizes the \"International Buddy Program\" to foster good relations between Thai and international students. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, has organized the Korean Dining Etiquette. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The International College of Digital Innovation, Chiang Mai University, has organized the Sport Day activity for the 2022 academic year International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. The Research Administration Unit, International College of Digital Innovation,  Chiang Mai University, has organized a training session to provide knowledge and create understanding on \"Techniques to increase the likelihood for an article to be published in a high-quality journal (quartile 1)\" International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI CMU co-hosted the 6th Thailand International College Consortium International Conference on the 5th of March 2022 International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. People participate in celebration of Holi Festival at The Consulate of India - Chiang Mai (Hang Dong) on 29th March at 19.30 hrs. International College of Digital Innovation Read more.. ICDI Safe Zone End of content วิทยาลัยนานาชาตินวัตกรรมดิจิทัล International College of Digital Innovation ปริญญาโท สาขาวิชานวัตกรรมดิจิทัลและเทคโนโลยีการเงิน M.S. in Digital Innovation and Financial Technology ปริญญาเอก สาขาวิชานวัตกรรมดิจิทัลและเทคโนโลยีการเงิน Ph.D. in Digital Innovation and Financial Technology ปริญญาตรี สาขาวิชานวัตกรรมดิจิทัล B.S. in Digital Innovation Earn 2 degrees Earn 2 degrees Copyright © 2019 Chiang Mai University, All rights reserved. by Information Technology Service Center Contact Chiang Mai University 239, Huay Kaew Road, Muang District,Chiang Mai Thailand, 50200 Telephone : +66 5394 3661 to 5 Fax : +66 5394 2670 e-mail : irdcmu@cmu.ac.th International Relations Division, Office of the University, CMU. Telephone : +66 5394 3661 to 5 Fax : +66 5394 2670 e-mail : irdcmu@cmu.ac.th Contact Corporate Communication and Alumni Relations Center Telephone : +66 5394 1300 Fax : +66 5394 4900 e-mail : ccarc@cmu.ac.th Services Phone Book CMU Map Donation* CMU MAIL CMU MIS For staff Visit Chiang Mai University CMU 360 Communication Website : https://www.cmu.ac.th",
  "url_lists": [
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Controls/ShareContent/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/course",
    "https://mis.cmu.ac.th/TQF/TQF2/CurriculumPublicList.aspx",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/level/bachelor",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/level/master_bachelor",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/level/phd",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Level/other",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Controls/ShareContent/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/F0917C78-2125-4FFD-AF68-BE9E4F5E0D36",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/E13BF8C0-7C77-46BA-BEA1-56392A967AEF",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/425815A0-90AB-4F39-9DA9-8D5DEA9CDBED",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/D4F81742-3F7A-4197-8286-4B568129DCF1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Controls/ShareContent/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/organization",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/7A7616BC-C917-407E-8ED9-9F544D3416BA",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/th/faculty/international_college_and_digital_innovation/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/cn/faculty/international_college_and_digital_innovation/aboutus",
    "javascript:void(0)",
    "javascript:__doPostBack('ctl00$wucNavBar$LinkSearch','')",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/home",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/th/faculty/international_college_and_digital_innovation/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/cn/faculty/international_college_and_digital_innovation/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Controls/ShareContent/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/course",
    "https://mis.cmu.ac.th/TQF/TQF2/CurriculumPublicList.aspx",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/level/bachelor",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/level/master_bachelor",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/level/phd",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Level/other",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Controls/ShareContent/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/F0917C78-2125-4FFD-AF68-BE9E4F5E0D36",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/E13BF8C0-7C77-46BA-BEA1-56392A967AEF",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/425815A0-90AB-4F39-9DA9-8D5DEA9CDBED",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/D4F81742-3F7A-4197-8286-4B568129DCF1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Controls/ShareContent/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/organization",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/7A7616BC-C917-407E-8ED9-9F544D3416BA",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Controls/ShareContent/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/articlegroup/8ec421a6-3c06-4de9-b42e-0fd5486e420a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/articlegroup/21c227c8-b12e-494b-b37b-ca8458ab863e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/articlegroup/02b0be9c-5700-4119-8b05-00e4efcb97e7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/articlegroup/19536cb6-d89a-4805-b5ab-89bee152e3f9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/articlegroup/c902f832-5354-4579-83da-1ec08a468e68",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/articlegroup/35e916ed-0f06-45fe-9b09-2932cbb21780",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/articlegroup/726e7707-60ca-497f-aff9-077a4f380b5d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/procurement",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/calendar",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/articlegroup/3c8ab7ce-8228-43bd-aa91-e48b436c81b7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Controls/ShareContent/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/cmu/history",
    "https://www.cmu.ac.th/th/60years",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/cmu/resolution",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/934C86C0-D272-4171-8C9E-590926DD9B66",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/cmu/symbol",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/cmu/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/D65CB215-9918-4D97-9F54-DCBB749E7159",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/360/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/4EEE10D2-E793-4E55-8D67-400C510F98FE",
    "https://council.cmu.ac.th/th/cmu-management-chart/",
    "https://planning.oou.cmu.ac.th/?p=1970",
    "https://council.cmu.ac.th/th/members-of-cmu-council/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/university/board",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/university/head",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/university/adminstrative_offices",
    "https://ec.oou.cmu.ac.th/about-us/board",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/ci/cmu-powerpoint-template/",
    "https://m.me/cmuofficial",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/privacy",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/7F64EE14-922A-41B0-B247-E5DD81957E01",
    "https://voc.cmu.ac.th/Choose.aspx",
    "https://icdi.cmu.ac.th",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/course",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/major",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/alumni",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/teacher",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/service",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/contact",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/Aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/aboutus",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f3204f7a-4629-474b-9e66-325f37bd9062",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f3204f7a-4629-474b-9e66-325f37bd9062",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2f3d0fca-63e6-408f-97fa-0a7d857649ca",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2f3d0fca-63e6-408f-97fa-0a7d857649ca",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/90ff6469-567d-4be5-844b-8288b9863635",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/90ff6469-567d-4be5-844b-8288b9863635",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/498cbb95-44d0-454c-9588-bf8567820eaf",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/498cbb95-44d0-454c-9588-bf8567820eaf",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ade9f542-7835-4731-beee-948f396737e9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ade9f542-7835-4731-beee-948f396737e9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7f29e84d-4c87-407e-a9a3-d33ffa5e9079",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7f29e84d-4c87-407e-a9a3-d33ffa5e9079",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/abef23bc-1b65-4352-a0d8-a804f8ab8014",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/abef23bc-1b65-4352-a0d8-a804f8ab8014",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/98645c77-0273-4df3-888e-9154102eb4ef",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/98645c77-0273-4df3-888e-9154102eb4ef",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8f85f392-ea57-4ded-9406-3c62db95c064",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8f85f392-ea57-4ded-9406-3c62db95c064",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0ea476f9-3bb3-45d5-8582-45bf46006d25",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0ea476f9-3bb3-45d5-8582-45bf46006d25",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2df670fb-1f52-467a-8f84-f524d208e7a9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2df670fb-1f52-467a-8f84-f524d208e7a9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7faee4a3-60ad-40c4-acdc-f7419f9d6781",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7faee4a3-60ad-40c4-acdc-f7419f9d6781",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2ba84e47-be3c-4cee-a555-87decbe920a5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2ba84e47-be3c-4cee-a555-87decbe920a5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/81838233-09c6-46e8-821f-ed09733a8d98",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/81838233-09c6-46e8-821f-ed09733a8d98",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6cabfa99-d238-42fd-91ec-f80a5a67508c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6cabfa99-d238-42fd-91ec-f80a5a67508c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1b024a22-9187-4414-b1f9-9d57d47accb2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1b024a22-9187-4414-b1f9-9d57d47accb2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/947213dc-6c5d-4ac9-b992-2e98483ac51c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/947213dc-6c5d-4ac9-b992-2e98483ac51c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/05b45ef5-df76-41d5-99ff-4d9084b6b7e5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/05b45ef5-df76-41d5-99ff-4d9084b6b7e5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d06c2f25-38b5-41c6-ba6e-6167ff5af75a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d06c2f25-38b5-41c6-ba6e-6167ff5af75a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/dca18594-291e-4477-86ec-d5bf14bbdf03",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/dca18594-291e-4477-86ec-d5bf14bbdf03",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/86a5f111-f19f-40d6-b8b2-2bb6348e5d0e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/86a5f111-f19f-40d6-b8b2-2bb6348e5d0e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/dc1f9026-45db-4b8f-823a-be2e30593477",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/dc1f9026-45db-4b8f-823a-be2e30593477",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1e7a6f00-faa0-43bd-8f27-e8a7e6b11102",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1e7a6f00-faa0-43bd-8f27-e8a7e6b11102",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/20a1b50f-1d3a-4621-b00f-f65603ea4d36",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/20a1b50f-1d3a-4621-b00f-f65603ea4d36",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8b3b06a9-18a8-461f-967d-3e4416ee6798",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8b3b06a9-18a8-461f-967d-3e4416ee6798",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d47667d4-013f-418d-8075-f3d8c1cac15e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d47667d4-013f-418d-8075-f3d8c1cac15e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c021483d-c257-4797-af10-c2c94f00dd2f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c021483d-c257-4797-af10-c2c94f00dd2f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f7e26cad-f784-4f6e-bc7c-4d315ea1cbf3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f7e26cad-f784-4f6e-bc7c-4d315ea1cbf3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/dbc9a15d-390c-4930-b4d8-685918d6bf84",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/dbc9a15d-390c-4930-b4d8-685918d6bf84",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b4bfd25b-c925-4984-a27c-cd214f722f3c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b4bfd25b-c925-4984-a27c-cd214f722f3c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/aa1a9643-7b8f-45cd-8b9a-4cab00c7ef51",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/aa1a9643-7b8f-45cd-8b9a-4cab00c7ef51",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e0731373-e42b-4724-83cb-f69c05063ffd",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e0731373-e42b-4724-83cb-f69c05063ffd",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3c4c4f15-070b-49a9-8141-bf9da6014cef",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3c4c4f15-070b-49a9-8141-bf9da6014cef",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0d4b06f7-5486-43c3-8ac8-7744d9a019f6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0d4b06f7-5486-43c3-8ac8-7744d9a019f6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/31f4a8fc-eeec-404d-afd4-958c1fd1f492",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/31f4a8fc-eeec-404d-afd4-958c1fd1f492",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9af7743b-4fbc-4a20-8489-9d13f5465c6e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9af7743b-4fbc-4a20-8489-9d13f5465c6e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d37d6588-2a53-451c-a4d0-40dab7d12b3d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d37d6588-2a53-451c-a4d0-40dab7d12b3d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3f144e38-095c-436b-b75c-7b18c0daf9d2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3f144e38-095c-436b-b75c-7b18c0daf9d2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/dc86a37f-cc84-4cad-bb4c-d8c6a1f7b3f7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/dc86a37f-cc84-4cad-bb4c-d8c6a1f7b3f7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7df8aae1-b6d0-4bea-9d64-1cb536460601",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7df8aae1-b6d0-4bea-9d64-1cb536460601",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bc8a797e-96ca-4b9a-9579-f80d107eb82b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bc8a797e-96ca-4b9a-9579-f80d107eb82b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c5460959-d41b-402c-aaf8-fd56a7c742e8",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c5460959-d41b-402c-aaf8-fd56a7c742e8",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2d221a34-29bf-4d8f-b0ed-bdeee12b4868",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2d221a34-29bf-4d8f-b0ed-bdeee12b4868",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9abfec32-ebe9-4a16-918f-e9a4db92fc09",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9abfec32-ebe9-4a16-918f-e9a4db92fc09",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7d3a5bd6-1010-4203-8aed-e960585e9d0b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7d3a5bd6-1010-4203-8aed-e960585e9d0b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/efac30f6-3af5-4f82-9b77-0d2767a68eee",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/efac30f6-3af5-4f82-9b77-0d2767a68eee",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/79aa6141-4f65-48ed-93a5-cc96acc548cd",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/79aa6141-4f65-48ed-93a5-cc96acc548cd",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ebe3ac11-60bd-4d9f-991b-bfc8b43ddfb0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ebe3ac11-60bd-4d9f-991b-bfc8b43ddfb0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/227e8da7-2b98-42af-9183-198df0148f40",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/227e8da7-2b98-42af-9183-198df0148f40",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7d51bb55-4362-42ea-a3cf-068f9a81f47b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7d51bb55-4362-42ea-a3cf-068f9a81f47b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6d4dac7e-1550-4852-ac3d-f6910a1f4000",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6d4dac7e-1550-4852-ac3d-f6910a1f4000",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f8700d0b-177f-4cb7-a3f5-d72420ccfd98",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f8700d0b-177f-4cb7-a3f5-d72420ccfd98",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6d292b8b-a13a-4063-9a23-3d5eb145c5f1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6d292b8b-a13a-4063-9a23-3d5eb145c5f1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/18c9bf08-55ce-43b7-bdd7-594f8698d5ea",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/18c9bf08-55ce-43b7-bdd7-594f8698d5ea",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7b426fa5-6a8b-44a7-a791-1597240882f7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7b426fa5-6a8b-44a7-a791-1597240882f7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b22f5570-8e98-417f-9480-c33d7ae2e37c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b22f5570-8e98-417f-9480-c33d7ae2e37c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0b8f15af-d40d-494e-ba6f-6b0876c04e31",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0b8f15af-d40d-494e-ba6f-6b0876c04e31",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/32ff9ea4-23e7-41f2-a935-fc378c817f1b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/32ff9ea4-23e7-41f2-a935-fc378c817f1b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/75d68680-5b2f-45c5-ab56-d55405686065",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/75d68680-5b2f-45c5-ab56-d55405686065",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/92865f24-6cd2-4430-918a-c1de3c360f42",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/92865f24-6cd2-4430-918a-c1de3c360f42",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8ddacdbd-4a11-4120-a8fa-0d3b2115f7b5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8ddacdbd-4a11-4120-a8fa-0d3b2115f7b5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/511c5fc8-2a9b-4712-bfc8-d26cbbae7120",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/511c5fc8-2a9b-4712-bfc8-d26cbbae7120",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8c65b033-c42c-4a7d-b169-52e467336b34",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8c65b033-c42c-4a7d-b169-52e467336b34",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cb09d288-dafb-45f6-a715-b1e5b2a6ad59",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cb09d288-dafb-45f6-a715-b1e5b2a6ad59",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/70da0489-e1aa-430a-bc1c-c34d12253691",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/70da0489-e1aa-430a-bc1c-c34d12253691",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/908cd2e1-c966-4aa5-a7f2-e14089277918",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/908cd2e1-c966-4aa5-a7f2-e14089277918",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d1e0f089-deb6-44e3-aa0b-ec0840162767",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d1e0f089-deb6-44e3-aa0b-ec0840162767",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c15544d7-33fd-4ae1-bb4b-c1c88233e91e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c15544d7-33fd-4ae1-bb4b-c1c88233e91e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/52dc5c07-7054-4d9d-9fa8-482eae1e0806",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/52dc5c07-7054-4d9d-9fa8-482eae1e0806",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8bce6de3-3790-497a-b7ed-5fe00156d7f9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8bce6de3-3790-497a-b7ed-5fe00156d7f9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ac9bba05-2a7d-4e37-bce6-4b506706c568",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ac9bba05-2a7d-4e37-bce6-4b506706c568",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e3c0dd89-be55-4919-998d-74f595c90968",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e3c0dd89-be55-4919-998d-74f595c90968",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9998e2b9-e5f7-4d6b-9255-04c217fda701",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9998e2b9-e5f7-4d6b-9255-04c217fda701",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c930f4e6-5ff1-4724-b7c8-901198a0af53",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c930f4e6-5ff1-4724-b7c8-901198a0af53",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d0457484-1e58-4340-ae58-2511927b987c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d0457484-1e58-4340-ae58-2511927b987c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7c8f450f-fa9e-413f-8147-034b27e7c29f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7c8f450f-fa9e-413f-8147-034b27e7c29f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5d9026aa-2e7b-48f1-b617-6cd42eca1c8e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5d9026aa-2e7b-48f1-b617-6cd42eca1c8e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b5174489-e80b-4238-8648-77a00e86ff25",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b5174489-e80b-4238-8648-77a00e86ff25",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a7e6cc29-0a25-49c7-9e8a-b3e7c3b1075a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a7e6cc29-0a25-49c7-9e8a-b3e7c3b1075a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1581ad0b-0edf-4a39-bddb-64a7a6172665",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1581ad0b-0edf-4a39-bddb-64a7a6172665",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6d1d598e-e2d3-4fa6-b584-433a6fda0181",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6d1d598e-e2d3-4fa6-b584-433a6fda0181",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/61e57d00-aa8c-4a2f-b97b-9160b94f470f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/61e57d00-aa8c-4a2f-b97b-9160b94f470f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/648d5dca-c7d5-44d8-9d42-20d8dac98f87",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/648d5dca-c7d5-44d8-9d42-20d8dac98f87",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3ab88ec6-baa4-4adc-b021-63d31f772c24",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3ab88ec6-baa4-4adc-b021-63d31f772c24",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5f82a706-db0b-45a6-aeb5-15b8b5d8108a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5f82a706-db0b-45a6-aeb5-15b8b5d8108a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2d78ede5-44bf-49b1-827e-8440f184adda",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2d78ede5-44bf-49b1-827e-8440f184adda",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7080ef4a-9d2e-483b-b90f-cc7947ce5f16",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7080ef4a-9d2e-483b-b90f-cc7947ce5f16",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/407b79bd-f67b-4ae2-99d3-f77344f8c034",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/407b79bd-f67b-4ae2-99d3-f77344f8c034",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/26bd4730-63b4-4352-9f8c-0e43ed16e46e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/26bd4730-63b4-4352-9f8c-0e43ed16e46e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b6ba66a4-8a8b-4d67-a53d-38d5ea6f8165",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b6ba66a4-8a8b-4d67-a53d-38d5ea6f8165",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/625ad3f6-910e-4850-9ac2-d9ac28199ebc",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/625ad3f6-910e-4850-9ac2-d9ac28199ebc",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/02c91e91-9813-48a1-b120-11ff162d4f3f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/02c91e91-9813-48a1-b120-11ff162d4f3f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/33f54432-81e4-456e-8024-419200778208",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/33f54432-81e4-456e-8024-419200778208",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/58723457-2ccd-4f64-a902-03e3eaf769fd",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/58723457-2ccd-4f64-a902-03e3eaf769fd",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2713fd83-7d1c-453c-adb2-d31e88a20bee",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2713fd83-7d1c-453c-adb2-d31e88a20bee",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/445ae0db-393b-4679-bebc-ef2fa27cdf2c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/445ae0db-393b-4679-bebc-ef2fa27cdf2c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8bb7d23e-d295-4e96-bc23-1e8d57f8fd48",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8bb7d23e-d295-4e96-bc23-1e8d57f8fd48",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7830e68f-3cd1-417b-9035-e72bd20eb9bf",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7830e68f-3cd1-417b-9035-e72bd20eb9bf",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6ec63bad-26b7-4375-a5c9-c1907be44b00",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6ec63bad-26b7-4375-a5c9-c1907be44b00",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/04f5f896-4593-41c5-b960-e65c54aacab6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/04f5f896-4593-41c5-b960-e65c54aacab6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c95c22cf-b1c2-4a03-9167-2db81d8f8c94",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c95c22cf-b1c2-4a03-9167-2db81d8f8c94",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bbb3b1ed-d921-434c-bf10-2106b78d5606",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bbb3b1ed-d921-434c-bf10-2106b78d5606",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a484c33f-3fe8-42a0-b099-0f7e27c97698",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a484c33f-3fe8-42a0-b099-0f7e27c97698",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/df5cf941-de43-4199-9870-11588ab18097",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/df5cf941-de43-4199-9870-11588ab18097",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/de2f53c7-b73c-4329-b062-5f183e033283",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/de2f53c7-b73c-4329-b062-5f183e033283",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/eccbd637-2ffd-4b37-ad80-ac31fef3310a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/eccbd637-2ffd-4b37-ad80-ac31fef3310a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/572da86f-9600-44b6-9e7d-49dec225b76c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/572da86f-9600-44b6-9e7d-49dec225b76c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e7f8809e-469c-4c94-97dc-13b5b9339461",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e7f8809e-469c-4c94-97dc-13b5b9339461",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6a5af890-1d53-42ff-aabf-511bf5baa26b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6a5af890-1d53-42ff-aabf-511bf5baa26b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/76146db6-0e9d-4355-b88d-aad5c2ef8510",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/76146db6-0e9d-4355-b88d-aad5c2ef8510",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5c971831-6a4d-48f3-ba25-2a6c797e3d80",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5c971831-6a4d-48f3-ba25-2a6c797e3d80",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/81673ee9-a3f9-40e8-936f-47fdbdf70d47",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/81673ee9-a3f9-40e8-936f-47fdbdf70d47",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5778acc5-eb40-4a4d-81b3-37cbe8e568df",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5778acc5-eb40-4a4d-81b3-37cbe8e568df",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a29c48a6-bf2a-4cfd-8cb8-45dea84c0bae",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a29c48a6-bf2a-4cfd-8cb8-45dea84c0bae",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fd662c97-a28c-45c5-a7db-8d789b39ed92",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fd662c97-a28c-45c5-a7db-8d789b39ed92",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/88e97e41-47f5-4849-a765-1516aad932f0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/88e97e41-47f5-4849-a765-1516aad932f0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bfda6daf-8770-4fc6-9f04-ea43a37fca1a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bfda6daf-8770-4fc6-9f04-ea43a37fca1a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/92fbfac0-e28d-4961-9133-98b19e874158",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/92fbfac0-e28d-4961-9133-98b19e874158",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d9d4b806-1e5c-48d4-8e15-173a8c8aac24",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d9d4b806-1e5c-48d4-8e15-173a8c8aac24",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/4fc41de2-a491-4c18-9f42-0b6b19b0c189",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/4fc41de2-a491-4c18-9f42-0b6b19b0c189",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b1df2b94-cff3-45d3-9d47-93ec75d5e448",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b1df2b94-cff3-45d3-9d47-93ec75d5e448",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1e1283dd-57d7-4b8c-84c3-5e04de861889",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1e1283dd-57d7-4b8c-84c3-5e04de861889",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/581307bd-9b17-4ff5-9670-8af088718ae0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/581307bd-9b17-4ff5-9670-8af088718ae0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/77cb951a-f8af-4334-aea8-26c2acbfd359",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/77cb951a-f8af-4334-aea8-26c2acbfd359",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3a4d5f2f-d887-42a6-aced-8106e18156c4",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3a4d5f2f-d887-42a6-aced-8106e18156c4",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c4007bfb-652f-4bb2-a7bf-0c43114fed8e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c4007bfb-652f-4bb2-a7bf-0c43114fed8e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fa0c3fd9-9232-4fb6-9db0-926d2a9125fb",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fa0c3fd9-9232-4fb6-9db0-926d2a9125fb",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/253151fa-e91f-4d9c-8d01-39df9e43deb3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/253151fa-e91f-4d9c-8d01-39df9e43deb3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d6b93615-3552-4fa3-8e7b-d84c2e4735f2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d6b93615-3552-4fa3-8e7b-d84c2e4735f2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/20627c80-ab5a-4191-bd5b-93f386e461a0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/20627c80-ab5a-4191-bd5b-93f386e461a0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fe69448b-e9df-4f3a-8269-0367e86ffae1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fe69448b-e9df-4f3a-8269-0367e86ffae1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/54eeec1c-b98c-451d-8eb5-5969313389fe",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/54eeec1c-b98c-451d-8eb5-5969313389fe",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/694724f0-d82b-478b-8ae0-7915855e4fa7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/694724f0-d82b-478b-8ae0-7915855e4fa7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6c27b898-9d1f-4e9e-987d-f97ab00341ff",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6c27b898-9d1f-4e9e-987d-f97ab00341ff",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3c60774b-3f9d-450a-a1d6-2d3ba2fbb665",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3c60774b-3f9d-450a-a1d6-2d3ba2fbb665",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1cf1db87-d84c-4688-8804-99e542e2a476",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1cf1db87-d84c-4688-8804-99e542e2a476",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0ff1077e-7fcf-477b-b72a-0ea0086d32dd",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0ff1077e-7fcf-477b-b72a-0ea0086d32dd",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c48165e7-e171-413c-b41a-66b3be909df4",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c48165e7-e171-413c-b41a-66b3be909df4",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3ac43ebf-90e7-4b1e-9d5a-cd8813ec810d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3ac43ebf-90e7-4b1e-9d5a-cd8813ec810d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a5feb325-ac92-4363-9b1d-3c2f1d0ea09b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a5feb325-ac92-4363-9b1d-3c2f1d0ea09b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cc42c7b1-de63-4c95-ace9-b119271fbaa8",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cc42c7b1-de63-4c95-ace9-b119271fbaa8",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b3e7d9e3-7206-4769-ba2d-c0c5b923a83b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b3e7d9e3-7206-4769-ba2d-c0c5b923a83b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1a6e5228-9b98-4904-b403-23fef1c7e5aa",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1a6e5228-9b98-4904-b403-23fef1c7e5aa",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8a35301b-4844-4506-85b1-e7b045ee1d55",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8a35301b-4844-4506-85b1-e7b045ee1d55",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8dfaad58-3c93-4b5a-86dd-f28cd1657503",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8dfaad58-3c93-4b5a-86dd-f28cd1657503",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/40f0477f-e0c2-4e6a-a462-6bc1d94e5064",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/40f0477f-e0c2-4e6a-a462-6bc1d94e5064",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/eedecb80-3efa-4b67-a966-378b41d69768",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/eedecb80-3efa-4b67-a966-378b41d69768",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9adf02a9-718f-4ec4-98d9-24d4ec1cffcc",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9adf02a9-718f-4ec4-98d9-24d4ec1cffcc",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/74d4ccd7-47b7-4286-bbfd-0cf655b07fe1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/74d4ccd7-47b7-4286-bbfd-0cf655b07fe1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b44e5d49-4874-442a-bd48-4c74508dd27c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b44e5d49-4874-442a-bd48-4c74508dd27c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/674314f5-be0e-4883-acc8-b32b1eec2239",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/674314f5-be0e-4883-acc8-b32b1eec2239",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cf2f2293-57f9-41bf-881f-26809288bb03",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cf2f2293-57f9-41bf-881f-26809288bb03",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fe5a65e6-1da7-4486-bca5-e507f20b64ec",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fe5a65e6-1da7-4486-bca5-e507f20b64ec",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/99ba11cc-addf-477f-81ce-e012f7b3cff4",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/99ba11cc-addf-477f-81ce-e012f7b3cff4",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3d62a293-70c3-4dd4-a0ce-7079fd9a6096",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3d62a293-70c3-4dd4-a0ce-7079fd9a6096",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9a6414ef-b72b-4fc1-9ce8-afa9a3ddf6ac",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9a6414ef-b72b-4fc1-9ce8-afa9a3ddf6ac",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2fd1cedf-4d60-4dca-aa23-90c72654a8f1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2fd1cedf-4d60-4dca-aa23-90c72654a8f1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b819b996-e48a-4eff-8e9f-12551e3c946e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b819b996-e48a-4eff-8e9f-12551e3c946e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/04a29ca9-ee34-44e1-ac66-0ce3a1c0a6b2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/04a29ca9-ee34-44e1-ac66-0ce3a1c0a6b2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/26671a6e-c490-4046-8229-c03cd46499b9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/26671a6e-c490-4046-8229-c03cd46499b9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/062f41e7-7c16-47a5-b315-9a4b14c6cd89",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/062f41e7-7c16-47a5-b315-9a4b14c6cd89",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3f0e44e6-128f-4738-baeb-31841e4b15ac",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3f0e44e6-128f-4738-baeb-31841e4b15ac",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2c05ec5f-a3d7-4070-9419-69de246c8132",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2c05ec5f-a3d7-4070-9419-69de246c8132",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/4fa559bc-e66d-41e9-8bfc-5c73c7a83306",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/4fa559bc-e66d-41e9-8bfc-5c73c7a83306",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e0501583-355f-4f9c-9ea3-383d1f33fdea",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e0501583-355f-4f9c-9ea3-383d1f33fdea",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e9a99a21-bfee-438f-8b8d-2ab62e6857d7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e9a99a21-bfee-438f-8b8d-2ab62e6857d7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c540d48a-7e3a-42a2-88d4-0338a1c30383",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c540d48a-7e3a-42a2-88d4-0338a1c30383",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3d8722db-f963-4464-8b0b-3618070ee830",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3d8722db-f963-4464-8b0b-3618070ee830",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b78c39d1-34c2-45bf-9f3d-e0ba3930a98f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b78c39d1-34c2-45bf-9f3d-e0ba3930a98f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/40dbf98e-676d-4281-abde-6782438513fe",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/40dbf98e-676d-4281-abde-6782438513fe",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cbdf7d9d-a9b9-4bde-b797-f34157152154",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cbdf7d9d-a9b9-4bde-b797-f34157152154",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0eda07fa-5f73-41a8-9b66-54ebc462042a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0eda07fa-5f73-41a8-9b66-54ebc462042a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c1926cfa-df52-4315-ae13-ac3378afc2ee",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c1926cfa-df52-4315-ae13-ac3378afc2ee",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/deacd2f4-46d2-414c-824a-5f2d328a6bfa",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/deacd2f4-46d2-414c-824a-5f2d328a6bfa",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a9f203f0-07f1-4fe3-9132-96352f2e8528",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a9f203f0-07f1-4fe3-9132-96352f2e8528",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/123f2275-160a-46b8-8069-422502c31193",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/123f2275-160a-46b8-8069-422502c31193",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/92a858f7-fa66-48bd-83dc-cb23a2fc34b2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/92a858f7-fa66-48bd-83dc-cb23a2fc34b2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5ad59c53-44ed-4527-952e-080c890c1227",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5ad59c53-44ed-4527-952e-080c890c1227",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/dae506c8-e772-415e-8e1f-e43aaaa89051",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/dae506c8-e772-415e-8e1f-e43aaaa89051",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/4c67cef9-3735-4867-b097-5d9ae181aade",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/4c67cef9-3735-4867-b097-5d9ae181aade",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e33ab4f9-f89c-4e96-8933-9509c25f8b19",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e33ab4f9-f89c-4e96-8933-9509c25f8b19",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/94b53a22-79e4-4bf3-bb06-73efa5039b0f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/94b53a22-79e4-4bf3-bb06-73efa5039b0f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/88d2a857-415f-48e3-b366-714e933674ca",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/88d2a857-415f-48e3-b366-714e933674ca",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0b1ce1b7-4098-4473-8a48-e611569dda52",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0b1ce1b7-4098-4473-8a48-e611569dda52",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/83c36513-118e-44a9-b353-8354cd5c9bc4",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/83c36513-118e-44a9-b353-8354cd5c9bc4",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7e2f170d-419e-43c6-b0c3-cb53658ebe72",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7e2f170d-419e-43c6-b0c3-cb53658ebe72",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b4f4661b-dd5b-470d-bf8f-699d68b65e8f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b4f4661b-dd5b-470d-bf8f-699d68b65e8f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/099b9db6-69a1-44c1-a625-8767e16ba579",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/099b9db6-69a1-44c1-a625-8767e16ba579",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d65d6534-a7a2-4285-b18d-941f535effa1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d65d6534-a7a2-4285-b18d-941f535effa1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/962d3479-1c65-49f2-a22d-941c266dde35",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/962d3479-1c65-49f2-a22d-941c266dde35",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fa0340c3-68a5-4801-8876-cf9dcf6c7c69",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fa0340c3-68a5-4801-8876-cf9dcf6c7c69",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/254e8ec1-94e0-48d1-9b38-5a2a49886990",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/254e8ec1-94e0-48d1-9b38-5a2a49886990",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bfaa85fb-02fd-45e1-99cf-b0ea3adce667",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bfaa85fb-02fd-45e1-99cf-b0ea3adce667",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c1633d6f-8756-4749-8183-9bc36267d5e7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c1633d6f-8756-4749-8183-9bc36267d5e7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/283c33c2-6fab-4865-85ea-24bc772121b6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/283c33c2-6fab-4865-85ea-24bc772121b6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2884c4c7-91e7-4fae-ba49-b3ce506a03ec",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2884c4c7-91e7-4fae-ba49-b3ce506a03ec",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/936ded87-9228-4eab-9191-7930efb1cbcb",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/936ded87-9228-4eab-9191-7930efb1cbcb",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/38d696d2-1436-4320-9da6-30faf7af09fa",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/38d696d2-1436-4320-9da6-30faf7af09fa",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c90abde1-51b0-4258-9ec4-97c569579a0c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c90abde1-51b0-4258-9ec4-97c569579a0c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0c70d819-ab32-4f63-a4c9-6b09df3023f9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0c70d819-ab32-4f63-a4c9-6b09df3023f9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a82ed84b-87ca-40ea-82ba-884de31b6e9e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a82ed84b-87ca-40ea-82ba-884de31b6e9e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/11ea32e4-6d0b-49aa-a2b8-2a00a6e21786",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/11ea32e4-6d0b-49aa-a2b8-2a00a6e21786",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/253ef8f8-4f1e-4b4f-b2d4-35149c6ecba7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/253ef8f8-4f1e-4b4f-b2d4-35149c6ecba7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/28a9249b-9fc2-4862-87a8-71f2627c9843",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/28a9249b-9fc2-4862-87a8-71f2627c9843",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/30775efc-6d1f-4192-8a2f-02fde24bf40d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/30775efc-6d1f-4192-8a2f-02fde24bf40d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/def27832-fc18-47aa-9ff3-7958161524b8",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/def27832-fc18-47aa-9ff3-7958161524b8",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a726ff97-ab3a-4e5a-919b-50f47d832b97",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a726ff97-ab3a-4e5a-919b-50f47d832b97",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b7e02a55-4e21-43a5-a3d5-4f4f9810f0f9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b7e02a55-4e21-43a5-a3d5-4f4f9810f0f9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ee254d23-b98d-4a00-a0b3-73ccf37dfc13",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ee254d23-b98d-4a00-a0b3-73ccf37dfc13",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a9ccae98-e417-41a1-b269-6e0850cb9e59",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a9ccae98-e417-41a1-b269-6e0850cb9e59",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a1d3f059-c753-47ab-9f7f-85d046ad5459",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a1d3f059-c753-47ab-9f7f-85d046ad5459",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e66eb5c1-9cfa-4184-b672-c02a77390413",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e66eb5c1-9cfa-4184-b672-c02a77390413",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/568f9dc8-3b67-486f-8114-d8150a953561",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/568f9dc8-3b67-486f-8114-d8150a953561",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5423bc92-a874-438e-be44-2c4c7b1358ae",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5423bc92-a874-438e-be44-2c4c7b1358ae",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3b0e9722-d4cb-4031-99b7-b1c50082ffa5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3b0e9722-d4cb-4031-99b7-b1c50082ffa5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/77764e3f-8e15-46d4-904d-6dbe47571794",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/77764e3f-8e15-46d4-904d-6dbe47571794",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c7012c99-4cbf-49d7-ba07-cf692a4242bc",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c7012c99-4cbf-49d7-ba07-cf692a4242bc",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c08ace05-5e27-4e5c-b380-0d8de645031f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c08ace05-5e27-4e5c-b380-0d8de645031f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/21a7d92b-5b37-4532-9a05-934a29c58a59",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/21a7d92b-5b37-4532-9a05-934a29c58a59",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/df6cf8f1-7925-41bd-b756-ebe7fb7e86b2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/df6cf8f1-7925-41bd-b756-ebe7fb7e86b2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cf7d0df7-5844-47ee-8367-d0555898986a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cf7d0df7-5844-47ee-8367-d0555898986a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b7f87c0f-dd27-4b65-9373-39762330994c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b7f87c0f-dd27-4b65-9373-39762330994c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/68660e33-92e7-40c6-9594-b88e57fdcd4c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/68660e33-92e7-40c6-9594-b88e57fdcd4c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6e2fcd32-2b85-4525-8dd8-41e92920119e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6e2fcd32-2b85-4525-8dd8-41e92920119e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/266dbe32-41a7-44f2-960a-bcbcc6e73455",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/266dbe32-41a7-44f2-960a-bcbcc6e73455",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c009d545-14b1-4860-a343-e72bfc357e99",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c009d545-14b1-4860-a343-e72bfc357e99",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ca6c70a3-4528-4909-a16a-eef028812a99",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ca6c70a3-4528-4909-a16a-eef028812a99",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9a95ca99-2ac0-492e-903c-8474b789bdcf",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9a95ca99-2ac0-492e-903c-8474b789bdcf",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/23d35ddc-8eaf-41bd-b652-5a6d3fd53734",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/23d35ddc-8eaf-41bd-b652-5a6d3fd53734",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8e77f460-1ac4-4fe0-aa43-57ddb94a261d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8e77f460-1ac4-4fe0-aa43-57ddb94a261d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3f13d083-d9c5-49a9-b299-6a2d9445e578",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3f13d083-d9c5-49a9-b299-6a2d9445e578",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e83523cd-866c-4c5c-a1b8-2060a3474890",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e83523cd-866c-4c5c-a1b8-2060a3474890",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b4d606c0-14a3-4c77-8d58-5b3e29ae97ed",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b4d606c0-14a3-4c77-8d58-5b3e29ae97ed",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2caf73e1-df0e-4f59-a3c6-26cc5ec2b31d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2caf73e1-df0e-4f59-a3c6-26cc5ec2b31d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/318c13e6-ad8d-4b0d-812e-ae723448669b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/318c13e6-ad8d-4b0d-812e-ae723448669b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d71bd418-ad15-498c-9e1e-812c96d91b15",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d71bd418-ad15-498c-9e1e-812c96d91b15",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/57ffdc9e-6626-434e-9063-267955a4d7ae",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/57ffdc9e-6626-434e-9063-267955a4d7ae",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/55ba3e41-4933-4615-858c-f8f0c22d4625",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/55ba3e41-4933-4615-858c-f8f0c22d4625",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cd5381f5-7642-41af-a4fb-5fbf6cfd58e3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cd5381f5-7642-41af-a4fb-5fbf6cfd58e3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/63a89f10-9110-4638-b025-c950c554be9e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/63a89f10-9110-4638-b025-c950c554be9e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/89fbaeda-811f-4eea-bcef-bc17b67c9792",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/89fbaeda-811f-4eea-bcef-bc17b67c9792",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f1e44ff7-aa2b-482f-a9bb-5763d5f58939",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f1e44ff7-aa2b-482f-a9bb-5763d5f58939",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ac84be7e-db44-45d3-951e-5a037ae31b95",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ac84be7e-db44-45d3-951e-5a037ae31b95",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ebc2f4da-1b12-4259-a330-0882a7956da9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ebc2f4da-1b12-4259-a330-0882a7956da9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1d99f831-f63f-4a05-af7a-954b7d3ba135",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1d99f831-f63f-4a05-af7a-954b7d3ba135",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/abaf54ed-2ed6-432b-b554-ecaf1b2d04a6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/abaf54ed-2ed6-432b-b554-ecaf1b2d04a6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/20e11b51-9ec6-41e0-8e04-7e1cce606f2e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/20e11b51-9ec6-41e0-8e04-7e1cce606f2e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/74d523d9-31e7-4dba-9e37-e29ca709f5d9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/74d523d9-31e7-4dba-9e37-e29ca709f5d9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d0dfa5bd-a088-405c-8999-8881bdb42f59",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d0dfa5bd-a088-405c-8999-8881bdb42f59",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/958d00ac-20ed-43ef-a39c-96fdaa6677b9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/958d00ac-20ed-43ef-a39c-96fdaa6677b9",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3b2171ee-0566-40f8-8e90-fc7ccb0b8cf5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3b2171ee-0566-40f8-8e90-fc7ccb0b8cf5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/537bb3d2-ea3d-4e11-a39d-93ed5077a0cc",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/537bb3d2-ea3d-4e11-a39d-93ed5077a0cc",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f077c0fb-057d-490f-af35-24d6abb27599",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f077c0fb-057d-490f-af35-24d6abb27599",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e72ab8cd-5887-431a-9279-52fd859eb493",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e72ab8cd-5887-431a-9279-52fd859eb493",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/113d529f-6e93-43fe-851e-677c143967ee",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/113d529f-6e93-43fe-851e-677c143967ee",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/33ec4320-223c-4868-8c7f-4ed8f3134c4f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/33ec4320-223c-4868-8c7f-4ed8f3134c4f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/662f72b7-2f9a-4c4c-9282-f9fd50e408bb",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/662f72b7-2f9a-4c4c-9282-f9fd50e408bb",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f1601c05-ee4f-48c3-afec-f2a559a49f5d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f1601c05-ee4f-48c3-afec-f2a559a49f5d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a0342a2e-88b5-427b-ae9a-7c5b7c3a9232",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a0342a2e-88b5-427b-ae9a-7c5b7c3a9232",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/530e90ce-f7b6-4d34-bb8e-d3b5bd2ec73b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/530e90ce-f7b6-4d34-bb8e-d3b5bd2ec73b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3c116564-0621-4415-bd4f-a375c5ca5d71",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3c116564-0621-4415-bd4f-a375c5ca5d71",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/39c247df-a104-4f82-8056-aa5e0c73d2e3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/39c247df-a104-4f82-8056-aa5e0c73d2e3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/85837d40-fced-4506-aab6-7b2c7f0c3be4",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/85837d40-fced-4506-aab6-7b2c7f0c3be4",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b0ef3599-ef18-4959-9d1b-bc3e906fa51a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b0ef3599-ef18-4959-9d1b-bc3e906fa51a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8b81c59b-5155-4962-8b0c-e787e8b5d22c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8b81c59b-5155-4962-8b0c-e787e8b5d22c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0add5c64-1060-4f53-92fb-a5f0f3706d6b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/0add5c64-1060-4f53-92fb-a5f0f3706d6b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bfd78519-e939-498b-81dd-dfec6dc26a70",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bfd78519-e939-498b-81dd-dfec6dc26a70",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d7f54686-40e5-45b5-9608-548b49f6f0e5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d7f54686-40e5-45b5-9608-548b49f6f0e5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/27c38e37-d853-40cc-b33f-cc8df2366349",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/27c38e37-d853-40cc-b33f-cc8df2366349",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/91184839-4030-42d7-93d3-759194213f60",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/91184839-4030-42d7-93d3-759194213f60",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6d096820-95ec-4b31-b44b-2d424ad816d3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6d096820-95ec-4b31-b44b-2d424ad816d3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/df00e140-dc0b-4012-bb66-13521ed45f8f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/df00e140-dc0b-4012-bb66-13521ed45f8f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6ca1c039-ed16-42cd-b720-16c46d4ee907",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6ca1c039-ed16-42cd-b720-16c46d4ee907",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e0b2a2cd-a7f5-4ede-9afb-b5b7a9eaedc2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e0b2a2cd-a7f5-4ede-9afb-b5b7a9eaedc2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7015ff39-5d4d-4178-b6d3-4867c44c455f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/7015ff39-5d4d-4178-b6d3-4867c44c455f",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/21327568-cf37-423c-8f8f-e9f6aadf3d89",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/21327568-cf37-423c-8f8f-e9f6aadf3d89",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d9418552-379d-4a6f-95b4-61bd90512f59",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d9418552-379d-4a6f-95b4-61bd90512f59",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/14cfce0d-c870-4ee2-97c6-29a290ef293d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/14cfce0d-c870-4ee2-97c6-29a290ef293d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3f3c248d-d80e-4015-af1b-f09ec4d6275b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3f3c248d-d80e-4015-af1b-f09ec4d6275b",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/42c291d2-7e62-417c-bf53-a726c1eb3d28",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/42c291d2-7e62-417c-bf53-a726c1eb3d28",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/109cf048-adb9-4516-8950-e72c4a7b0ead",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/109cf048-adb9-4516-8950-e72c4a7b0ead",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/edaafdeb-5039-449c-b9b6-2cb6cc0f4c97",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/edaafdeb-5039-449c-b9b6-2cb6cc0f4c97",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/46719f15-272c-4816-9fbe-a3138b69ed3c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/46719f15-272c-4816-9fbe-a3138b69ed3c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c35df07c-76e2-4f49-ada4-b4be125a5d1d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c35df07c-76e2-4f49-ada4-b4be125a5d1d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fddd5383-67c3-4646-8fd2-3400d4930225",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/fddd5383-67c3-4646-8fd2-3400d4930225",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bd43b280-322c-45d7-9993-600c7de89510",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/bd43b280-322c-45d7-9993-600c7de89510",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/84e5542e-ae21-48ed-8c21-64427e6961d8",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/84e5542e-ae21-48ed-8c21-64427e6961d8",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/63a70f7c-445b-4bd8-aef1-7a25c7815282",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/63a70f7c-445b-4bd8-aef1-7a25c7815282",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/92032580-4f13-42b5-bbbe-30f2bc8cebf6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/92032580-4f13-42b5-bbbe-30f2bc8cebf6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ab198acd-ce7d-4f06-bca8-9e0f20e7f116",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ab198acd-ce7d-4f06-bca8-9e0f20e7f116",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a54e71dc-7f08-4605-9054-08de3abc0517",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a54e71dc-7f08-4605-9054-08de3abc0517",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a657a742-c897-486a-9133-10aed4f4c559",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a657a742-c897-486a-9133-10aed4f4c559",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/15b02918-fc1e-4198-928e-fff2702995e7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/15b02918-fc1e-4198-928e-fff2702995e7",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/42e408b7-1623-4474-ae46-dbbc90d00062",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/42e408b7-1623-4474-ae46-dbbc90d00062",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a4cc5144-4744-4c18-8560-0de68c8ca2bb",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a4cc5144-4744-4c18-8560-0de68c8ca2bb",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/df26b577-24bd-4a27-a31b-145ef04cda42",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/df26b577-24bd-4a27-a31b-145ef04cda42",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/29490f47-6619-44b5-a52e-a096018c7980",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/29490f47-6619-44b5-a52e-a096018c7980",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e676638b-fa33-40e7-b748-aeabaaee435c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/e676638b-fa33-40e7-b748-aeabaaee435c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2374f644-fbac-43b1-9d44-692d59a49eb2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/2374f644-fbac-43b1-9d44-692d59a49eb2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/10b5cf10-e78e-43fb-ae7c-5d65a620861d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/10b5cf10-e78e-43fb-ae7c-5d65a620861d",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8efc4d6e-40d6-4e78-93bd-5da65c73d4cb",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/8efc4d6e-40d6-4e78-93bd-5da65c73d4cb",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/28ed216c-cc6f-41f1-bdb8-a21a612dd8f3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/28ed216c-cc6f-41f1-bdb8-a21a612dd8f3",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6671ad7a-d655-4e8d-9017-0b9f2d6284b0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6671ad7a-d655-4e8d-9017-0b9f2d6284b0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/544edd2d-e3e7-488f-807c-b5440a929bba",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/544edd2d-e3e7-488f-807c-b5440a929bba",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5d2cd14c-0cef-4431-89f5-aff8667dcc22",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5d2cd14c-0cef-4431-89f5-aff8667dcc22",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/72d15100-c920-4bde-9e9d-356f59b26f1e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/72d15100-c920-4bde-9e9d-356f59b26f1e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5793e6ed-38c6-4f9e-9d4f-fa28576367a0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/5793e6ed-38c6-4f9e-9d4f-fa28576367a0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/4e301707-0614-427e-83ec-15f58fedd48c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/4e301707-0614-427e-83ec-15f58fedd48c",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f6a6f6bf-0861-4643-9186-9e60889243b6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/f6a6f6bf-0861-4643-9186-9e60889243b6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cd494163-94c3-49cb-b02e-d5edf130b8b1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/cd494163-94c3-49cb-b02e-d5edf130b8b1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a87b604b-20a6-4bb1-acac-00219f9554c2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/a87b604b-20a6-4bb1-acac-00219f9554c2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1e4d6a7e-e9bd-4a2f-a1e3-83625be098ec",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/1e4d6a7e-e9bd-4a2f-a1e3-83625be098ec",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9dc01773-bfa4-425d-9ab2-089a19673101",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/9dc01773-bfa4-425d-9ab2-089a19673101",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3351fa25-571b-42ae-9a51-8ac9a7e6b078",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/3351fa25-571b-42ae-9a51-8ac9a7e6b078",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/feb76504-5548-48d6-8aeb-78e304ebabff",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/feb76504-5548-48d6-8aeb-78e304ebabff",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6e7707cc-a57c-4c45-aa78-e76ec2969286",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/6e7707cc-a57c-4c45-aa78-e76ec2969286",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d190d974-a9f8-4a7c-9128-b477408530b5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/d190d974-a9f8-4a7c-9128-b477408530b5",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/64721130-3767-4bfc-bfa2-32f84c4aceb1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/64721130-3767-4bfc-bfa2-32f84c4aceb1",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ec277556-cd6a-4bf9-a983-bfb57b40a7c6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/ec277556-cd6a-4bf9-a983-bfb57b40a7c6",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c4cb831c-51b0-49d9-9a17-2ba34eb4d05e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c4cb831c-51b0-49d9-9a17-2ba34eb4d05e",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c593ec7a-91b5-45e3-a8b5-4f9288bf80b0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c593ec7a-91b5-45e3-a8b5-4f9288bf80b0",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c3ca243b-72f3-416f-aec9-ecb763d1571a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/c3ca243b-72f3-416f-aec9-ecb763d1571a",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/02dd65bd-927d-4595-a12e-7ce9d7fe28c2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/02dd65bd-927d-4595-a12e-7ce9d7fe28c2",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/24ce9d92-9847-4811-bc4a-dafd5d7c3c47",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/24ce9d92-9847-4811-bc4a-dafd5d7c3c47",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b3eea6bd-9105-41a2-bf6a-dc7bdf002c16",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/article/b3eea6bd-9105-41a2-bf6a-dc7bdf002c16",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/organization/c1f7151f-e075-4981-8b64-1c7bbe1d7137/35bd5018-dd8b-4f7c-8f46-b6e9913256ba.png",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/organization/c1f7151f-e075-4981-8b64-1c7bbe1d7137/9b1658b1-f8bc-4e88-8152-b6dc5b93d8c8.png",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/organization/c1f7151f-e075-4981-8b64-1c7bbe1d7137/02a02b42-39a1-4848-807c-a7301c1c4339.png",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/organization/c1f7151f-e075-4981-8b64-1c7bbe1d7137/052c92e6-6166-4607-9554-8847800374f2.png",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/content/organization/c1f7151f-e075-4981-8b64-1c7bbe1d7137/3fac462a-1e0c-429c-8cdd-82fa1e788d07..jpg",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Content/University/CMUPhoneBook.pdf",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/Content/University/BrochureCMU-Map2017.pdf",
    "https://donate.cmu.ac.th",
    "https://portal.office.com",
    "https://mis.cmu.ac.th",
    "https://cmubackoffice.mis.cmu.ac.th",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/360/",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/",
    "https://www.facebook.com/cmuofficial/",
    "https://www.youtube.com/@ChiangMaiUniversity",
    "https://www.tiktok.com/@cmutiktok",
    "https://twitter.com/cmuofficial_tw?s=09",
    "https://www.instagram.com/cmuofficial.ig/",
    "https://voc.cmu.ac.th/Choose.aspx",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/#top",
    "https://cmu.ac.th/en/#top",
    "https://m.me/cmuofficial"
  ]
}